CS 143 Databases

Name: Calvin Liu
UID: 804182525

Name: Darin Minamoto
UID: 704140102

	For the lab we decided to implement the exercises in order they were assigned and
followed the javadocs on how to implement it. For catalog we decided to create our own
table class and used the arguments of the Catalog to set the parameters of the table.
For the tuples and other things that had multiple instances, we thought we should store
them inside an array list of some sort to be able to iterate through them. If the file
came with an unused library of a mapping function then we created a mapping structure
like mapping the name to the Id of the table. Other than that we had to follow the java
docs on the ways to implement each function.

	We adjusted the code to include libraries that were not included and also
included the other files so they could call each others' functions since things interact
like how having access to the catalog will let you be able to obtain information about
the tables in it. We also included library functions that were not defined like the Math
library function or files that needed to include java.util.*. For some parts of the
project, mostly the iterators, we sometimes created a new .java file and sometimes we
just implemented it in the same file. It was just a choice of preference at the moment.

	There shouldn't be any incomplete elements of our code except for the parts
that indicate it is not necessary for lab 1 to finish.

	We spent a few days on the project because understanding how everything was 
connected and what contained what was confusing. Furthermore, we found the low level
design functions to be difficult like the byte data structure in HeapFile because we have
never used that type before or have done things concerning bytes. Byte offsets were also
tricky when calculating how many pages and things that we of low level design. Learning
Java was also difficult since we have not used it before and only worked with mostly C 
and C++. The iterators were also troublesome since we needed to create another data
structure and understand the opening and closing of a file and things like that.
